If you listen I'll sing you a sweet little song
Of a flower that's now drooped and dead,
Yet dearer to me, yes than all of its mates,
Though each holds aloft its proud head.
‘Twas given to me by a girl that I know,
Since we've met, faith I've known no
repose.
She is dearer by far than the world's
brightest star,
And I call her my wild Irish Rose.
My wild Irish Rose, the sweetest flower
that grows.
You may search ev’ry where, but none
can compare
with my wild Irish Rose.
My wild Irish Rose, the dearest flower that
grows,
And someday for my sake, she may let me
take
The bloom from my wild Irish Rose.
They may sing of their roses, which by
other names,
Would smell just as sweetly, they say.
But I know that my Rose would never
consent
To have that sweet name taken away.
Her glances are shy when e'er I pass by
The bower where my true love grows,
And my one wish has been that someday I
may win
The heart of my wild Irish Rose.
My wild Irish Rose, the sweetest flower
that grows.
You may search ev’ry where, but none
can compare
with my wild Irish Rose.
My wild Irish Rose, the dearest flower that
grows,
And someday for my sake, she may let me
take
The bloom from my wild Irish Rose.
My wild Irish Rose, the sweetest flower
that grows.
You may search ev’ry where, but none
can compare
with my wild Irish Rose.
My wild Irish Rose, the dearest flower that
grows,
And someday for my sake, she may let me
take
The bloom from my wild Irish Rose.